docs: correct capitalization in release notes (#4187)
celestiaorg/celestia-app: docs/release-notes/release-notes.md

#### Enabling BBR and MCTCP

Consensus node operators must enable the BBR (Bottleneck Bandwidth and Round-trip propagation time) congestion control algorithm. See [#3774](https://github.com/celestiaorg/celestia-app/pull/3774).

> If using Linux in Docker, Kubernetes, a VM or baremetal, this can be done by calling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using Linux in Docker, Kubernetes, a VM or bare-metal, this can be done by calling
```
